[Integration][Snyk] Catch error code SNYK-9999 from snyk api (#473)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/snyk/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

# Port_Ocean 0.1.33 (2024-03-31)

### Bug Fixes

> - catch error code SNYK-9999 from snyk api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when the snyk API returns internal error code SNYK-9999 and caused the resync to fail (PORT-7454)
```
